For years, I've been a big fan of Park's work and "Old boy" is one of my all-time favorites.     With many expectations, I rented this movie, only to find the worst movie. I have seen in a while. It is not a proper horror movie; there is no suspense in it and even the "light" part is so boring, that I did not know whether to laugh or cry.     I introduced my younger brother to Chan-Wook Park and what a disappointment. he got from this For me, an idol has fallen.     If you loved movies like "Old boy", Mr & Lady "Vengeance" or even your short films about "Three extremes", do not waste your time. , the movie is not worth it.
It could end up being the biggest disappointment I'll see in 2009. It seems I'm the rare person who did not like Park's Oldboy, but I think his "Lady Vengeance" and "Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance" are among the best movies I've seen. I've seen it in the 2000s. So, I really wanted to see this, especially because it got such positive reviews. Instead, I found the cliché of the movie and broke little, if anything, something new in the genre of vampires. And although I can appreciate a bit of gallows humor in films like this, I felt that Park did it at very inopportune times.     Others have compared / contrasted this with "Let the Right One In", and I have to say that "Let the Right One In" was far superior to this, and it was a new version of the vampire genre . Unfortunately, Park's take was tired.
I only came here to look for an alternative title in the Hospital del Terror to know what not to pick up. Not only do I get the original title, but I come to find that the Terror Hospital is one of the seven more aliases. This is a real mess. Films of this type can usually be forgiven for many reasons, mostly by unintended consequences of the function at all levels of production that result in at least a mild form of entertainment, mainly entertainment. This does not have any of that. Instead, the viewer witnesses unnecessarily unnecessary and too convenient exposure to the situation and scenes drawn from characters moving cautiously from one room to another, and all this is half the movie. Forget about trying to find out where someone is (or who is) during dark or night scenes, too; You probably will not mind, anyway. There is also a random sequence of car chases that seems pretty boring compared to some of the old movies of the driver that I write ... I mean I sat and watched in high school. Actually, we're talking about mysticism, possession and a loose assassin here, it's not a bad recipe for junk cinema. Unfortunately, there is nothing here to make it even "good" garbage; When they join the aforementioned, the bad performance and the not so special effects are just that: the bad performance and the not so special effects. This is just garbage, pure and simple. Leave it on the shelf in the pawnshop or in that box at the garage sale. There is a reason why it is there ...
Me and a friend rent this movie. We both discovered that the soundtrack of the film and the production techniques are delayed. The plot of the film seemed to extend with little surprise in the end. We both agreed that the movie could have been compressed in about an hour, giving it more suspense and plot in motion.
A comedy in expansion, too ambitious and without plot that does not have a dramatic center. It was probably thought to have an epic vision and a surrealist style (at least in some episodes), but the separate stories never become a significant whole, and the laughter is few and far between. Fun ending, however. (* 1/2)
Ben, (Rupert Grint), is a deeply unhappy teenager, the son of his parents unhappily married. Her father, (Nicholas Farrell), is a vicar and her mother, (Laura Linney), is ... well, let's say she is a somewhat hypocritical soldier in Jesus' army. It is only when he takes a summer job as an assistant to an actress Evie Walton (Julie Walters), eccentric, once famous and now forgotten, that she finally finds herself in the true way of "Harold and Maude". Of course, Evie is deeply unhappy and only when these two sad sacks meet can they put aside their mutual misery and set out on the path to happiness.     Of course, it's corny and sentimental and very predictable, but it also has a difficult side, and Walters, who could walk on his way if he wanted to, is excellent. It's when she puts the madness aside and finds the pathos in the character, (like hitting the bottle and throwing up in the sink), which is at its best. The problem is that she is the only interesting character in the movie (and it's not because of the script that she does no favor to anyone). Grint, on the other hand, is not only unhappy; It's also a bit boring, while Linney's starchy bitch is completely one-dimensional. (Still, she has Pat's English accent). The best that can be said is that it is slightly pleasant, with the emphasis on the soft.
This movie is about promoted! It saddens me to say that I can see the first 15 minutes of this movie and anything beyond that, I'll have to work hard to sit down and watch the rest of the movie. It is totally stupid and very false. The robot in the movie looks like a man wearing that steel suit and the acting is very bad, especially the one that plays the character Alien. He is totally annoying !! Do not waste your money watching this sequel to the popular Gen-X Cops. I prefer to sleep or spend my money on other things instead of watching this movie. 1 of 10. If possible, would give 0.
My God ... I have not seen such a horrible movie in a long time ... I saw it last night and I wanted to leave after 20 minutes ... Keira Knightley really tries hard in this, but she can not handle it. .. he left aside his accent from time to time and did not have the charisma to play the role ... the performance of sienna millers takes you to a point where you start to ask yourself: have you ever had acting classes? judging by the edge of love, he has never been in the acting class, but he should consider going in the near future ... both look very nice ... maybe that's what they should focus on in their future career ... if they can be actresses, everyone can!
Do not waste your money watching this sequel to the popular Gen-X Cops. I prefer to sleep or spend my money on other things instead of watching this movie. 1 of 10. If possible, would give 0
And I still do not know where the hell this movie is going? I really want to say, what is this movie about? Is it about demonstrating Sean Connery's complete lack of Arabic? Is it to demonstrate that if he could play the role of a Moroccan leader, then it was natural to play the role of Ramirez in the mountain? Why was Teddy Roosevelt even in this movie? Why was there so much sand that was used so little? Where was there so much slap on the table? Why did Teddy ignore the Japanese boy he was shooting with archery? Did you realize that the man was Japanese? Why was there no credible excuse for Connery's accent? At least Jean Claude Van Damme has an excuse for his French accent, whether being raised by French nuns in Hong Kong (Double Impact), raised in the swamp of Louisiana (Universal Soldier), or by having a French mother and raised in Indochina (I can not even remember the name of that movie)? Can anyone explain this?
I have to admit that I am disappointed after watching this movie. I had expected much more from the trailers. The movie was absolutely horrible. It lacked a real story and the performance was not exactly the best. Do not waste your time. The movie is not what the trailers lead you to think it is. I should say that I usually do not write anything about movies on IMDb (in fact, this is the first one), but this movie was so disappointing that I just registered to let people know that they should not waste their time or money. The plot of the story is that of a robbery that is going to happen and it seems that it had the potential to be good, but the things that happen in the film are a little too reliable to be credible. See another movie instead, maybe the inner man ???
It must be an error. This movie belongs to "Plan 9", and to many others as a fun and silly fun. You will never accept it, but you will see it when it comes out on television. It's as simple as that.
I do not know any cliche of rock and roll that is not used in this movie. Ouffcourz, rock is inscribed in life is only sex drugs and parties and tons of supermodels that try to travel with you. Tell the stupid youth. The filmmakers seemed to have read too many stories of Guns'n'Roses or Motley Crue. I've seen the daily life of the usual rock band up close and there's nothing to do with reality in this movie. If you have enough success, your life is on tour. This means that you are mostly on a bus and trying to sleep. Just sleep. Because you must be cool, sober and clean at night. After living you have a little time to download your emotion on stage. Then you have a little time to have fun. But it is no luxury or dream. Artistically this movie was zero. Stupid characters and idiotic dialogues. The end of the movie was fun: the main character left the heavy metal band and formed a grunge band. Yes, what moral. Real 90s
They missed the movie when they tried to use someone different. They should have kept Ralph Macchio as Danny instead of changing it. And he did more Karate Kids with him on him. And also many people were complaining about what happened to Danny when they jumped from 3 to 5 and not four.
My wife and I saw this in the theater when it first came out.     There were only 3 couples and we all went out almost at the same time.     This is the only movie I've come out of.     It was painful to sit down.     The theater actually stopped us on the way and asked us if we wanted a refund.     It never happened that before or since Pleae does not rent this. He'll really regret it. I'm really surprised by the vote summary. Maybe personal taste has something to do with it.
The absurd premise of this film has to do with that Argentina claimed the Falkland Islands, having failed by force in 1982, impregnating European women with Argentinian sperm, thus diluting ethnic purity until it favored Argentina. Yeah sure. Fabio, our hero / villan and cad, performs the reconnaissance and brings his fish-eye video camera from the column to the secret filming of his encounters with the Falklands, including his courtship and the eventual conquest of a woman, Camilla. An unfortunate and fraudulent independent documentary, this film favors us with a lot of boring sightseeing shots from the hip ... yada, yada, yada. The film has no plot potential and only begins to be interesting when Fabian and Camilla make their way through the usual moments of discomfort and uncertainty when they move from the handshake to the bed. "F * ckland" is only for the purists of the cinema who can appreciate the sombre austerity and without luxuries of the Indian Dogme.
Although a cartoon of Tom and Jerry is attributed to him, this is not the cat and mouse team, but an earlier scam by Mutt and Jeff that presents them going to Africa and they disguise themselves with the stereotype of burnt cork makeup to try to mix. While the dialect's humor is mostly lacking, there is a brief musical sequence involving "black skeletons" that was entertaining. I have to ask, however, how is it possible that Tom and Jerry continue with their makeup even after being thrown into the water a couple of times? One of the many entries produced by Van Beuren Corporation for distribution by RKO Radio Pictures before RKO made a deal with Disney. It is only worth seeing if you are an animation enthusiast or if you are interested in knowing how certain ethnic groups were stereotyped as entertainment when.
Lame B-Horror, who takes the subject too seriously, refers to a dear old woman who has become a creature of the night by a tenant who has come to rent her a room. When the tenant is killed, Mom has to go out to feed herself and that causes some family tension and also receives the attention of the authorities.     My main complaint is that this movie should have brought it. THE CHISTOSO. He did not, even though he had some makeup effects from soft and gore creatures to keep the crowd of B movies happy. I've seen worse things, but I would not give this a rec - 4.5 / 10.
What better way to describe it than the fuzzy delinquents on television? And I do not mean in the COPS show; here, in reality they are presented as protagonists.     I do not see any corrective value in this show unless I have a perverse inclination for human tragedies. Whitney Houston is a tragic example of the fallen star; A star that Bobby Brown helped pull the sky. Bobby Brown is not more than a criminal of the low one. Why look at it? Why is Whitney at his side no matter how despicable? This couple should be locked in and it is a shame they are making money and achieving some fame by observing the septic tank that is their life and the human waste that is their character.
I think I'd prefer that my piles be cut out with a pair of rusted mowers that support another 5 minutes of this movie. In fact, I can not even bother to go into details! I'm not sure how they managed to get the needles in the wooden actors to cure them! Better for all concerned if they had attacked the island after learning of the virus, that way it would have lasted as long as the commercial recess, and we could have continued with our lives. One more thing was this garbage commissioned by God's channel? As all they seemed to do was praise the bleeding lord most of the time. Avoid like the plague! In fact I would prefer it!
I was expecting a documentary covering the science fiction era from 1950 to 1965 and I received a big commercial ad with leftist political overtones from James Cameron and movie mogul Baby Boomer pushing the works themselves. 'Watch the Skies' has referred in the past to the 'Giant Bug' and 'Space Exploration' movies of the 1950s, including favorites such as "Earth vs. Flying Saucers", "The Otherworldly Thing" and " Forbidden planet "also as" They "," Deadly Mantis "and" Tarantula ". There are examples of lower budgets that are rarely mentioned as "Space Monster", "12 to the Moon" and "Cosmic Man".     This would have been a much better documentary if you had interviewed the few actors, directors, specialists and collectors, in addition to the boomer's that was not Hollywood at the time. I just wish there was a "0" rating available since "1" is a lot to generous
I could not believe how bad this movie was, and believe me, I did not expect a masterpiece from a movie made for cable. I recorded it just because I liked Jane Seymour. I've seen her enough to know that she's certainly an accomplished actress, so I do not know what happened here. The characters were shallow, the dialogue had stopped, the bad guys acted, and yes, that includes Seymour. It was nice to see her play against the guy, but not in something so bad. I realized that she had a credit for the executive producer, so she can not escape the guilt for the sheer wickedness of this movie. And oh, yes, they had Barry Bostwick playing the leading male role. 'Nuff said.
Okay, when a friend of mine told me that he was supposed to direct MM2 and MM3, I thought, heck, I had to check Monster Man and see how it is, maybe I can participate, but when I bought it I put it in my DVD player and I tried to stifle the first 45 minutes of nothing but bad, bad. I mean a very bad and bad comedy of that fat ass, which is funny, not to mention how the director spent the trip without meaning in the desert. I came to the conclusion that these guys had no idea what they were doing and lost the boat by a long shot. The story had the potential to be somewhat different from the usual BS you see on the Blockbuster / Hollywood video shelf that the Lions Gate launched these days, but it certainly spoiled it. Why dedicate so much time and effort to shooting annoying bad acts and bad jokes, why not shorten the road trip and put more plot in the movie? Myabe's writing was so bad that they had to cut a large part of the film or maybe the director did not shoot enough of the horror and blood, that they had to find stuffing to do the usual 84 minutes. In general, and I'm being easy here, maybe because a friend of mine is the bald jerk in the bar scene that crushes his skull when he chases the three who go out, I'll give him at least 1 star for trying, and the gore / kill scenes were not so bad, again, they tried. Pity, Lions Gate could have created a great franchise with this idea, but it failed. I do not recommend paying to rent it, maybe you can find a reduced version in which the film starts from the scene of the hiker. SHIT!
John Leguizamo must have been crazy if he thinks this was a funny movie. I laughed more times seeing the remains of the day. Pathetic plot, unbearable acting. Horrible music - Michael Sambello is a "maniac".
Relesed de Troma (which is my favorite movie company) Unspeaksble is a messy horror movie that can be interesting but very dark and twisted.     Started with a family in a car, they get into an accident that leaves a daughter dead and a mother deformed. the father finally goes crazy and cuts prostitutes. He sees his daughter in other people. He kills for her. Meanwhile, his now deformed wife is being violated by his ordinance. These are sick people!     Incomparable tries to be sick and disturbing and manages to make it like a good horror movie, it is not. Most Troma movies have a sense of humor for them, but they do not.
If you saw this movie for the first time with Maria of the Fourth Form, then it is possible that the haze of nostalgia will stimulate your charitable side. If not, it does not have an opportunity. The hipspeak of young things is a complete nonsense, people may have used the occasional word that they will hear here, but not large amounts of them in one sentence after another. It is not so much the date of Dracula AD 1972 as the blow in pieces, from the moment when someone under thirty years old opens his mouth, it is impossible to take the film seriously and, for being a laugh, it is not even a smile. The idea of ​​throwing Dracula into modern times is good and deserves a much stronger script than Don Houghton can provide. The River Thames and the Chelsea Male are no match for the puppets, the model castles and the terrified extras, but you can not help feeling that with better writing it would have been so different.
After a series of successful films of "a man and his monkey", which included the seminal "Every Which Way But Loose", "Every Which Way You Can" and "Peter's Friends", the genre fell in difficult times. In an effort to rejuvenate this once-famous area, director Frank Marshall brought the critically acclaimed Michael Crichton novel to the big screen.     Think 'Gorillas in the Mist' meets 'Tron' minus Bruce's influence at the Boxleitner box office. This is a love story condemned to a man by his talking monkey. Not helped by bad accents (Tim Curry wrestles with a Romanian), a script baboon, hungry hippos, parachute primates and Bruce Campbell. Ape-Sh * t.
Why is Guy working for Buddy? Probably because Ari was not present in 1995. Why does Dawn want to be with Guy? To access Buddy. Why are you staying with Guy? I'm not sure.     There are many things about this movie that I'm not sure about. But, Kevin Spacey is an excellent verbal tsunami like Buddy Ackerman and totally believable because he is a great actor.     Frank Whaley's boy is certainly out of his element working for Buddy who wants to write and make meaningful movies, not be a gofer who is verbally abused to get Equal instead of Sweet & Low.     Dawn, by Michelle Forbes, who also wants to make meaningful films, seems to be out of Guy's league.     The ending leaves a lot to be desired.
If I like a movie, I have to worry about the main characters and what happens to them. In this waste deposit of a film, I found myself hoping that in the end they all died. None of the characters are people you would like to meet, they all made me sick. If it were not for some nude scenes, I would have given this miserable movie a 1.
Ravi Chopra wrote this film 40 years ago, he wanted to put Dilip Kumar at the head     The film was finally rewritten and made in 2003 and, therefore, the subject seems outdated and too superficial at times < br    Just like the reason why Amitabh-Hema is too shallow, even the way it is shown to young people is as bad as Gulshan in ATATA     The message arrives well but things are presented in a cliché The character of Salman is the worst, seems out of a storybook, while Bachchan's climactic speech is good and also the end of not forgive the children is good     Ravi Chopra does a good job Music is decent, the songs sung by Bachchan excel     Amitabh excels as always, has played a senior and stern father before, but here he plays a victim and presents it well. His last speech is great. Hema is good in her part. Aman Verma highlights Samir Soni is fine, Naseer and the rest sons and wives are decent, although Divya Dutta highlights Salman Khan is fa Ke, Mahima is fine, Paresh and Lillete are adorable.
Another film of the country of the Swedish hills, which is always the northern part. If blacks were shown in this way, there would be shouting about racism and for good reasons.     This is a farce and you're supposed to laugh at the "smart" clichés of farce. But it is especially annoying. A comedy of gangsters, with the bad Russians (as always) and the bad (and stupid) Finns. And, of course, the stupidest of all is Norwegian, according to Stockholm's prejudice.     Andreas Wilson is the only one who tries to make a representation that reminds us of reality. This is not funny. This is not even exciting. A burlesque too raw to be interested in any way.
Like others who have commented on the web ... I am a pilot of 130 in the Coast Guard. Having said that, and being the skeptic that I am, I went expecting the most exaggerated cheese factors. There was some cheese, but in general, not much ... and the movie was quite accurate.     I saw the trailer again today. After watching the movie yesterday, I realized that the trailer gives the impression that the movie is nothing more than a rescue after the scenes of rescue action. This is not the case.     The movie is really more a character / story than an action. The internal struggles that both Costner and Kutcher are facing ... Kutcher is revealed beyond the movie that Costner.     Of course, there is a little love story ... there are no surprises there. But for the most part, the film tells the story of two lives that come together, and after a while, help each other heal old wounds.     As feminine as it sounds, Costner and, as much as I try not to like myself, Kutcher really works quite well together and complements very well in the movie.     As the critics have said, you've seen it all before ... Top Gun, officer and a gentleman, etc. But what movie has not been remade a million times.     I can remember that only one word was pronounced F ... and I can not remember any other language.     The film lasts more than 2 hours, and for some, it may take a little longer towards the end.     You will laugh, you can cry, but I can honestly say, it was worth the $ 4 that I paid.     I hope you enjoy the movie.
Everything that Park Chan-wook creates is guaranteed to be unique, bright and very twisted as a minimum. Well, anything that is not, at least I'm a Cyborg. Park's latest film, titled Thirst, is a dark, erotic, suspense, suspense, vampire comedy, yes, it's many adjectives, inspired by Emile Zola's nineteenth-century French novel Therese Raquin. Park creates a uniquely Korean vision, and only Park, of the myths of vampires and asks the audience to explore the dilemma of a Catholic priest discovering that he is thirsty for blood and the moral and spiritual crisis that would develop. Park offers the elements you would expect, but it definitely does not match the quality of the masterpiece like Oldboy or even Lady Vengeance. Very bloated with a narrative that is often lost much less to the audience, Thirst desperately needed another trip through the cutting room. He crawls when he should be running, but fortunately he returns home before losing the audience completely. However negative it may seem, the positive aspects definitely outweigh the negatives and, without a doubt, another volume has been added to the dark and twisted Zeitgeist of the movie Park Chan-wook.     See the rest of our review at www.thefilmstage.com
Another great musical of the Golden Age of Hollywood! I liked this movie story about a trio of friends who perform in a small nightclub that is far from Broadway and all its brilliance. Although it is not the big moment, they are very happy with their lives and with the small club where they perform. Gene Kelly plays the owner of the small club and is also the boyfriend of one of her dancers, Rita Hayworth, who happens to get some attention when given the opportunity to be on the cover of a magazine. The problems begin for Gene Kelly, since his girlfriend is now the talk of the city. Phil Silvers plays one of the three friends and does a good job. Of course there is music and dancing. Highlights a dance performance by Gene Kelly. He is walking down the street alone at night and sees his reflection in a shop window. His reflection soon begins to dance with him in the streets, great cinematography. Do not miss it, great entertainment.
I've lost count of how many times I've seen this movie. I have never tired of that, since this is a movie that can be enjoyed and performed on many levels. they just do not make movies like this anymore.     After having recently watched the fascinating documentary about the making of this film (Hearts of Darkness: A journey of filmmakers to madness), I am even more surprised that this movie was even finished, but for yes, it's just so cool     The fact that they actually filmed this movie in the jungle of the Philippines is the biggest asset of the movie. In fact, you feel like in Vietnam.     all the actors are fantastic and my favorites are still Robert Duvall ("I love the smell of napalm in the morning!") Martin Sheen, and the great Marlon Brando.     Many people complain that the film becomes too cloudy, weird and cerebral near the end. Well, remember what Coppolla said about this movie: "This movie is not about Vietnam, it's Vietnam!" What he means is that this movie is about madness and not about war.     This film is based on the story "Heart of Darkness" by Joseph Conrad and opposes the Vietnam War instead of the Civil War. War as in the book. I think it was a brilliant combination in my opinion.     This is a perfect, challenging, dark, violent, sometimes humorous and well done film in every possible way.     a true classic     rating: 10
Although it does not seem very promising for a long stretch, the French Cancan de Renoir ends up being a charming and effortless film. The story is a cliché: a laundry girl, Nini (Françoise Arnoul), is discovered by the owner of a nightclub, Danglard (Jean Gabin). Danglard steals her from her baker boyfriend and drops her current girlfriend, who returns for her former lovers. Nini has to choose whether to return to her humble life with the baker, continue with the show with her employer, oh, or become a princess, since a prince also falls in love with her in a moment. I am glad that the film has not chosen the most obvious option, as a minor film would have done. The film ends with the opening of the new Danglard nightclub, the Moulin Rouge, and a couple of magnificent numbers of songs and dances. The first one, "Complainte de la Butte", which also provides the basis for most of the film's musical score, is simply one of the most beautiful songs ever written, and Renoir himself wrote it. If you are a fan of Baz Luhrmann's 2001 Moulin Rouge movie, you will recognize the melody as it approaches the beginning of that film, sung by Rufus Wainwright. Although it's not very prominent in that movie, everyone I know who owns the soundtrack loves it. In addition to having one of the most charming songs that have been written, French Cancan also has one of the most beautiful and beautiful women on the screen. It's hard not to fall head over heels with that girl. 8/10.
I watched this movie last night on HBO and I did not expect to be hooked. I usually fall asleep when I see HBO. But it happened and you will too. It is a tragic documentary (2002 Oscar winner) about the murder of an elderly tourist in Jacksonville, Florida, and the subsequent investigation, arrest and trial of a 15-year-old boy.     Watch this movie today and get A feeling of how we have progressed as a society. This film was the most deserving of an esteemed Oscar: they will move you to tears.
Meant as a kind of social commentary on the way our lives got out of control in the 1970s, this movie is more like something that Mr. Schlesinger threw together after having a bad day on the highway. A mixture of fragments of the nuts found along the highway in Florida and on the highway of life, the distribution was almost wasted and probably ended up on the floor of the cutting room. The problem is that what did NOT end up on the floor of the cutting room probably should have! Now available on DVD, it's kind of funny to see a comedy that would have cost $ 100 million to produce if it had been created in 2004. It develops and is not too hard to understand, and, oddly enough, in 2004 we're all still practically just     jumping in our cars and going faster and faster, aimlessly nowhere.
I saw this movie at ITV and I enjoyed it a lot. He was very observable and very funny. Julie Walters and Rupert Grint were perfect in their roles. Julie Walters receives a special mention as she creates a wonderful interesting character to watch. Ben's character is a bit shy and stoic, but Rupert Grint beautifully represents the changes he goes through. I would definitely say that he has a future in acting after Harry Potter.     Laura Linney is very good in her role as the overprotective mother of Ben, the only thing they were wrong with is making her too ... Villain-y. Ben's father was also an interesting contrast with his mother, and in the end he is also quite honorable. The only character I did not like was Bryony, she was a bit simple and unnecessary, I thought.     In general, this is a great comedy drama that is very easy to watch. One of my favorite movies of the year easily.
President Harry S. Truman once said that the only thing new in the world is the story you do not know.     Seven years before, Richard Rhodes' magnificent Pulitzer Prize "Making the Atomic Bomb", the BBC produced a seven-part miniseries, "Oppenheimer", which was a study of the character of the people who designed and built the weapon that marked the beginning of the Atomic Age, permanently linking science and technology to the state (and, in particular, the army), not only making history, but changing the world forever.     The production is impeccable, the release is absolutely miraculous, not only the main characters, but even the supporting characters have strange similarities with the people portrayed, in particular, Sam Waterston in the leading role of the American physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer, scientific director of the Manhattan Project, who worked in the Los Alamos laboratory, New Mexico (the site he personally chose), Manning Redwood as General Leslie R. Gr oves, who oversaw the entire Manhattan Engineering District (formal name of the project); David Suchet as physicist and final nemesis of Oppenheimer, Edward Teller (who, almost forty years later, whispered in the ear of Ronald Reagan and brought us the Strategic Defense Initiative - "Star Wars") and Jana Sheldon as Kitty Oppenheimer. The attention to detail is uniformly excellent everywhere.     It's partly a thriller, partly a love story and, ultimately, a tragedy, this series faithfully recreates a chapter in world history, and that of science, that does not We dare to forget. The highest recommendation.     (NOTE: Viewers who enjoy this series will also enjoy Jacob Bronowski's 13-part series "The Ascent of Man" and the BBC film about Michael Frayn's "Copenhagen". )
When I first heard about "Greek", I thought I would see it because it sounded ridiculous. Another of the ABC Family shows that are so bad are almost good. But tuning in with a friend from the university, we both found ourselves enjoying the pilot episode much more than we had expected.     As a member of a Greek society, I can say that many of the stereotypes that are here are mentioned that arise almost every time someone starts talking about the sororities and brotherhoods on a campus. And they are also very fun to play alone at home, let alone to watch on a TV screen. The opening scene evidenced a slightly dramatized version of the preparation for a real formal career in some brotherhoods and continued from there.     This is not a show for Greeks too sensitive. If you get offended even in jokes about things that are not so good about Greek life, then you will spend the whole first episode, and probably many others, shrinking and screaming. But everyone else should have a lot of fun watching him. It's nothing new, but when it comes to college, nothing is ever.
A lovely story about two evacuees, it has become a nice little movie, by the BBC. Most children who like a good story will enjoy this. The characters are played very well by a very good cast. I'm not sure if our American friends will appreciate it, but they do mention it, since Aunt Lou runs off with a magnificent American soldier.
If all the films had to be destroyed and only one could be avoided, death in Venice would have to be like that. It is a monument in the history of cinema. Highly criticized for being slow, boring and too obvious in stating his point (an old man discovers beauty in a child and is tragically destroyed, first mentally and then physically), we should appreciate this film for what it is. 'Morte a Venezia' was filmed more than 30 years ago, and portrays a period even further back, at the beginning of the 20th century.     Life was slow at that time, compared to the current one. People were supposed to behave in a certain way, hiding their true emotions even from themselves. The director Visconti and Dirk Bogarde, the main actor, manage to demonstrate admirably how the aged composer Von Aschenbach discovers his romantic interest in a child. For a man like Von Aschenbach, in his day, this must have been too powerful a blow to reach an agreement. We see his inner struggle, especially in the face of Bogarde, against the beautiful background of Venice and accompanied by the most wonderful music, composed by Gustav Mahler.     This movie is slow, it can not be denied. . No special effects, chases or car fights to keep the audience immobilized in their seats. There are also no scenes of perverted sex; The interaction between the man and the child is limited to the stolen glances from a distance and the occasional smile.     So, basically, is not nothing happening in this movie? Not if you want your senses to be hit like a base drum. If you want them to play like the strings of a violin in a romantic concert, this is the movie to do it.
I came across this by chance. I was at my friends' house and he had just begun to see it, so I sat thinking that we would shoot the breeze while this played in the background. However, in a few seconds I immersed myself in this docu-drama, and we both spent the rest of the time completely focused on this and without saying a word.     I never knew the history of the first solo of the world yacht race, much less the tragic events of a man's attempt against all odds, which was meant to be his redemption for all his misfortunes. Life, but ultimately, ends up becoming an example of them. Having not known the story, I saw it with the same fervor that I imagined those who were reading about the race at the moment when it was really happening, involved in what was happening and eager to get more information, hoping that the amateur I was going to achieve it and beat the professionals, which makes the shocking turns of history even more tragic, I felt that I was living the story.     The story is told with great care, and the interviewees clearly had time to reflect on the tragedy, which gives a great idea, but it is also contrasted with the archive material of the interviews in the At the time of the tragedy, the recordings and photographs of the lonely sailors are also used excellently, and the information on the minds of the sailors and how loneliness was affecting them was excellent.     I am surprised that this story is not better known or that it has become a movie, but that I am also grateful. . Grateful to have this documentary drama to tell the story of those who knew the man, instead of a bland film adaptation, and grateful to have captured this jewel of a movie by pure chance.     It's a must-see, whether you like documentaries or not.
This movie was made by Daiei Studios, known for its Gamera movies. It is about a samurai lord who was killed by one of his own men. He claims his throne, forcing the two sons of his first father to flee to the forest, where they hide near a huge stone statue for 10 years. In those times that passed, the new samurai lord has proven to be very brutal and ruthless with the people of the village and the valley. Therefore, it seems that the only hope of the good people is the stone statue, which is where a demon god sleeps; They want the god to help them.     This samurai movie brings us traditional Japanese aspects, such as sword fights, geishas and worshipers. It is a magnificent and powerful story of survival and hope, with the protagonists who try to triumph over pure evil. It is full of emotion, particularly in the parts where children struggle to remain hidden while the evil warlord is trying to catch them. In addition, it has a beautiful cinematographic photography, with exuberant landscapes of the town and the countryside, that remind him instantly the ancient times in Japan.     As with most samurai movies like "The Seven Samuari" and "The Last Samuarai", this film is no less than pure action, sometimes graphic. There are several disturbing scenes in the movie. Therefore, it is not the casual science fiction movie. However, it is strong and powerful, and conveys a message that a human of good character can beat any adversary, as shown in this film, even the innocent girl can calm the anger of the demon god. The scenes of the demon god, known as Daimajin, trampling on his enemies and anything that stands in his way will instantly remind him of a movie by Godzilla or Gamera. In general, a powerful and serious film, but hopeful.     So, be careful with your samurai sword. You would not want to make noise in the Daimajin cages.     Grade A
This is a beautiful, but simple film about a man, who seeks an answer, an answer that does not necessarily need, but has structured his whole life. It is heartbreaking, hilarious, glorious, tormenting, delicate and dynamic, I say it is a genius.     I read Jonathan Safran Foer's book Everything is illuminated (mainly because I heard Elijah Wood starred in the movie adaptation, and the characters fascinated me.) I laughed out loud more than once. that someone talks about what is involved, I hear the same trite answer, almost as if it were a long and long word: "It's about buying it for the woman who saved her grandmother from the Nazis." However, this story is so philosophical It goes deeper than that, that conversation about the ring and "in case." It really makes you think: Suddenly, this story merges from a simple search to an internal metamorphosis, and now I find myself looking at things in a way that little different.     I recommend renting this before, if you do, reading it, because the book had many obscene and frankly perverted stories that were not included in the film, mainly the story of Jonathan's family not It was necessary for the movie.     A little trivial, I heard, is that Wood's current girlfriend has a cameo in this movie as the band's drummer that Alex arranges to act when Jonathan gets off the train to Ukraine.     You spend half of the movie trying to find out what it is, exactly, and what Jonathan is about, because his character is so withdrawn, like a turtle with a shell.     It is magnificent, and in my opinion, one of Elijah Wood's best films.
If you loved the 1993 movie (erotic, science fiction) cyborg "Nemesis", then you will love it. I loved the minute the hero of Elvis Pompadoured pulls out a samurai sword during a shootout. Like "Nemesis", it takes place in a post-apocalyptic neighborhood of the future. Both are thrillers where the well-armed hero must confront well-armed rebels, to solve a conspiracy of the powers that are against the dirty masses. but that's where the similarities end. The ambiguous mayor, alive or dead, tries to keep the masses sedated with the drugs he sells. The rebels, helped by mercenaries and a cyborg, try to stop their suffocation in their subjects. After several failed attempts to rein in the rebels, he sends his superior police to assassinate the rebels. This movie follows the trail of most action adventures, but is not afraid to color outside the line.
I am a great ex-male goalie, ex-rugby player and former boxer, straight and scarred, and I love this movie.     It is not a "mystic river". It's a piece of fluff. But there is room in life for the fluff, and when the fluff is shot in an attractive way, well acted by attractive and sympathetic people, skilfully engineered and full of good dialogue, there is even more room for it.     I am not the biggest fan of Tom Selleck. But he is good at this. So are Julianne Nicholson (loves her bald head and freckles), Ellen Degeneres, Kate Capshaw and even Tom Everett Scott (That Thing You Do!).     The landscape is pleasant, the atmosphere is optimistic, there is pain of heart, nostalgia, farce and even a small redemption.     Any critic (male) who disagrees with this movie is, shall we say, not perfectly confident in his masculinity. Meanwhile, I will continue to capture fragments of him without apology whenever it appears on the cable.
This brief topic brought praise from all kinds of places for their request for religious tolerance.     After a session in a recording studio, Frank Sinatra leaves and meets a group of children who beat another because he was Jewish. He gave them a lecture as only an American icon could about the meaning of prejudice and why we had just fought against the Nazis. The meaning could not be clearer.     Both songs of this short song were recorded and sold out in a big way for the Columbia albums. If you're just a dream and the song written for the movie, The House I Live In. The latter is one of the best songs about an idealized version of America, we would all like to fight.     Sinatra recorded The House I Live In again during the 1960s for a joint album that he did for his record label Reprise. The album is now a rarity and should not be. His collaborators were Bing Crosby and Fred Waring and their residents of Pennsylvania with the orchestra led by Nelson Riddle.     Axel Stordahl was Sinatra's chief music director and arranger during the 1940s. When that position died he finally fell to Nelson Riddle. Stordahl does the orchestration for the short and the Columbia record, Riddle for the Reprise record.     Sinatra fans and others should listen to them together and compare them. And capture this movie that is worth every time it is shown.
This movie is really special! he is a young Frenchman who goes to Barcelona (Spain) to study and in barcleona he meets other young Europeans like him. This movie is the EUROPEAN FILMS of the YEAR, so go see it.
I would give this movie high marks for film photography and presentations. I just read a comment from a user about the performance of the actress who plays an intriguing courtesan who talks about Sinuoeh, the main character. I remember a mini-biography of this actress after the movie the last time I saw her. Apparently, she was a Holocaust refugee, discovered by a French husband and wife in the film industry who were surprised by her extraordinary beauty. She died very young and in tragic circumstances. Gene Tierney is also outstanding in this movie. Like other neo-Biblical films of the 1940s and 50s, "The Egyptian" reflects the morals and values ​​of that era, but it is still a great entertainment because the performances are spectacular and the story so well told.
I remembered seeing this program when I was a child in Australia in the 60's, and I enjoyed it on DVD again as a father of 50-year-old small children. Although the bad guys are mostly shallow characters and there is a component of violence, I am very happy that my 6 and 8 year olds see this because the central characters are deep, kind and honorable, Japanese culture shines, Violence does not It is bloody, no one glorifies in it, and the program is beautiful to see. It does not promote nightmares, but shows much of the culture that must have mainly influenced the design of the Jedi Knights in Star Wars.     The quality of the DVDs leaves much to be desired. Video perfectionists are not going to like this one. It is reminiscent of something that is held in a 16 mm film and projected on the wall in some basement ... which could well be. The soundtrack also lacks the quality we expect from the home theater. However, my children only noticed that it was not in color, and I suspect they only noticed it because we had been talking recently about how old things are like that often. The beauty of Mt Fuji is evident even in B & W. Something about the configuration of the seventeenth century makes quality part of the atmosphere, as if you look at the past through a window of time.     In general, this program is better than most things on the air, and much more. Better advertisement for Japanese television than for Pokémon, but you can consider it of marginal value if you did not have the experience of seeing it again in the 60s. My score of 8/10 takes into account your age.
First, ignore the comment about how South Park should make fun of Republicans. Everyone is doing that now, why does South Park blindly follow what other media do? And what Republicans are doing is more serious and less fun than Al Gore and his hysteria about global warming.     But aside from that, this episode is just fun. The representation of Al Gore has to be one of the best cartoons of a politician that I have seen, it was original and based on the opinions of people about man. I do not want to give anything away, but it made me roll on the floor.     There are also some of Cartman / Kyle's best moments.     All in all, I would say that this is one of the best episodes the program has had, and I would recommend it to anyone.
I do not see what the problem is with SOME people and their NEED for intellectual humor. You need to take your head off your tight ass if you do not find this funny movie! If this is not your "tea cup", so to speak, then look at it for what it really is: a damn funny movie. Maybe they set out to make another drug / T & A movie, but in this case, they have really got it right. It's especially fun for fans of Ali G, because it delivers everything we've come to love and expect from him. So I say BIG UPS to Ali G, and if it's not your thing, do not complain, BATTY BOY!
William Faulkner was one of the American writers who won the Nobel Prize for Literature. Faulkner wrote mainly about life in the South, particularly during the depression years. Many of his stories have been adapted to the screen. Short stories like Two Soldiers is an endearing story of two brothers in December 1941 after the attack on Pearl Harbor. The older brother, Pete Greer, goes to Memphis, Tennessee, to enlist as hundreds of thousands of young men, some of whom would never return home. His younger brother does not take his departure well. He manages to get a bus ticket to Memphis without any money to find his brother. Surprisingly, he becomes a soldier of another type as he also wants to enlist at age 10. Ron Perlman makes an amazing performance as the military leader who manages to care for and bond with the boy. This short film won an Oscar for Best Live Action Short Film that is well deserved. If it were longer, it could compete with longer movies. Everything else, like the costumes, the art direction and the recreation of the American era in 1941 is perfect. The movie also shows the heartbreaking war at home as most Americans survived the Great Depression. The actors and actresses are unknown but they make a first level performance. If Hollywood made more quality films, I would probably go to the movies more. If Broadway had more quality shows, I would go to the theater more.
Like many of today's movies are guilty, the plot is not exactly stellar, the film does not move anyone, and certainly this does not guarantee any prize (maybe outside Blockbusters') ... but, again, who really Cares.     Eddie Murphy and Robert De Niro come together to produce a very funny, sometimes hilarious movie that I really enjoyed. Russo and Shatner also played their small parts. Man, I hope that in the future my wife and Miss Renee have.     Moving along, this "friend" friend movie produces great laughs in a reasonable amount of time. The movie is nice enough to avoid waiting for the release of the video / DVD and, instead, go ahead and watch it.     Eddie Murphy is at his usual best and is really nice to watch. De Niro has adapted perfectly to this type of role.     I really enjoyed this movie and I think that any movie fan who needs a good movie or just a good laugh will really enjoy Showtime.     Top Performance: Murphy. Hilarious Enough talk. Work address: Nice. Good action scenes, we used Murphy and De Niro together as an amulet, Russo was fed by good support work.     My rating: 7 out of 10. It's not going to move you or anything ... but it's an extremely nice movie.     It's Showtime ... it was a great success.
his is without a doubt the most exciting and satisfying movie I've seen in years! The plot seen in printed form is almost banal: a ship crashes on a desert planet with three suns, the survivors have to adapt to the landscape and to each other, then the darkness falls and the monsters appear. Pilot Fry, after a moment of cowardice during the descent through the atmosphere when she almost threw the passengers, takes over the group and requests the help of convicted murderer Riddick to guide them through the darkness to the escape ship . Improved eyes that can see in the dark. But in reality it is not so simple: all the characters are complex, three-dimensional, with conflicting features, so you never know who is good and who is bad. The performances are uniformly excellent: Radha Mitchell shows Fry getting ready. for leadership, overcome their own fears and try to avoid further bloodshed, while Cole Hauser, as the man who takes Riddick into custody, shows that he has his own agenda and his own idiosyncratic standards. But the film belongs to Vin Diesel as Riddick: it has the most magnetic screen presence I've seen in years.For much of the movie, his face is in the shade, and it does not really say much, but it draws attention anyway. Sometimes it catches your attention by not talking, or by not moving. And Diesel does not trivialize the character, as could easily be done, by giving him a "golden heart". Riddick is still a cruel and evil man when they approach the ship. It simply allows us to glimpse the first tentative steps of taking care of only oneself taking care of others.Technically, the movie is very good. Lighting effects are excellent at both ends of the spectrum: triple sunlight and total darkness. Special effects that show both Riddick's and monsters' views add to the suspense, as do the sound effects of the flying monsters and use the ultrasound to "see" (the monsters themselves are anatomically plausible and properly terrifying). The editing is so tight that sometimes it is almost discordant: there is literally no filler in this movie, it does not fade, there is no time to reorient.     From the first take until the end of the credits you have to keep your wits about you. Each scene, each line of dialogue, each camera shot is important. Look three times to understand everything.     My only warning is about science: the solar system, as shown in the model, is impossible (the planets revolve around the suns, not the other way around). However, that does not affect human history, so I have not removed points for it.
This is not your typical Indian movie. There is a great sense of humanity, and the characters are quite realistic. There is a great dynamism in interpersonal relationships, and there is a feeling of guilt, grief, passion, passivity among the many characters. Seeing this, one feels the heavy burden of the 5000 years of layers and layers of the history of the social existence of one of the oldest civilizations. The final scene of an elephant that was moving away in the rural area was a great footnote of such an ancient civilization, and even then, human relationships are still preserved and nourished. I saw it on DVD, the two interviews with the director and the main actress are very interesting. I was surprised to learn that the film did not do well (or was not shown) in India (... but maybe not very surprised). The artistic heritage of rural societies is slowly being lost and their heritage is not recovered by younger generations, as some of the older musicians in the film no longer live today. Great movie.
SPOILERS FORWARD During the first ten minutes of Star Witness, we are presented with a typical quote from an urban American family that is not cited in an unnamed city, which is another way of saying the NYC version of Warner Brothers. Except for the little kids, including the lovely Dickie Moore, and the cheerful Sally Blane, they are a pretty sad group, and their conversation at the dinner table is tedious and we wish the story to move forward and bring the star, Walter Huston. But wait, friends, wait. Suddenly, the action of the gangster movie is triggered, attracting the family against their will, and after that, this baby never gives up. There is suspense, a screenplay nominated for an Oscar, good performance; Everything you want old movies to be, is here. I question chic sales performance; It must be an acquired taste, but its presence is crucial for the plot. He has received a special status in the credits, so Warner Bros. must have been really important in Sale, but the way his corny routine fits in with the audience is something lost to me. Maybe it's lost for a period of time, an unknowable factor that had to be a movie buff in 1931 to understand. In addition, the climax is typically melodramatic. However, this is the best studio release of that year that I've seen so far (however, I've only seen eight, so maybe it's an inconclusive view). Do not miss it when TCM shows it. 8 out of 10.
When I see "Plots with a View" (called "Undertaking Betty" in the US), I have the feeling that it is necessary that there be more films recorded in Wales. This portrays a woman (Brenda Blethyn) in a small Welsh town trying to escape from her unfaithful husband. So, she and the funeral director (Alfred Molina) have a plan ... but there are probably some faults along the way.     Actually, I would say that the character of Christopher Walken is the best of the movie (how could it not be?). But in general, the whole idea is very good, with some moments "uh oh" ... especially the scene of the haunted house. It's the kind of movie I wish I could participate in, just to experience it.     Also starring Lee Evans, Naomi Watts and Miriam Margoyles.
